How to generate direct download link (#854)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/guide/file_management.md

The [ez\_render\_field](twig_functions_reference.md#ez_render_field) Twig helper will by default generate a working link.

### Download link generation

> #### PHP/Twig

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> To generate a direct download link for `File` FieldType you have to create a Route Reference with `ez_route` helper, passing `content` and `File` field identifier as parameters. Optional parameter `inLanguage` may be used to specify File Content translation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To generate a direct download link for the `File` Field Type you have to create
a Route Reference with the `ez_route` helper, passing `content` and `File` Field identifier as parameters.
Optional parameter `inLanguage` may be used to specify File content translation.
```

The [ez\_render\_field](twig_functions_reference.md#ez_render_field) Twig helper will by default generate a working link.

### Download link generation

To generate a direct download link for the `File` Field Type you have to create
a Route Reference with the `ez_route` helper, passing `content` and `File` Field identifier as parameters.
Optional parameter `inLanguage` may be used to specify File content translation.

```twig

>   {% set routeReference = ez_route( 'ez_content_download', {'content': content, 'fieldIdentifier': 'file', 'inLanguage': content.prioritizedFieldLanguageCode  } ) %}

Reviewer 2: `prioritizedFieldLanguageCode` property is marked as internal and shouldn't be used in the user space code.  Ref. https://github.com/ezsystems/ezpublish-kernel/blob/368f3cfbdebf61a887be87a3cd0b0e7bf1f9f676/eZ/Publish/Core/Repository/Values/Content/Content.php#L39-L48
